Update README.md (#30)
jellyfin/jellyfin-apiclient-javascript: README.md

> <h1 align="center">Jellyfin API client for JavaScript</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h1 align="center">Jellyfin API Client for JavaScript</h1>
```

<h3 align="center">Part of the <a href="https://jellyfin.media">Jellyfin Project</a></h3>

---

<p align="center">
<img alt="Logo Banner" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-ux/master/branding/SVG/banner-logo-solid.svg?sanitize=true"/>
<br/>
<br/>
<a href="https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-apiclient-javascript">

> <img alt="MIT License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jellyfin/jellyfin-apiclient-javascript.svg"/>

Reviewer: Might actually be better to just write `License` here so we don't have to update it for every repository. It will take a while before the change bubbles out to other projects but we can start here.

Author: I think having the license spelled out would be better if Shield.io eventually goes out and for accessibility.

We don't change these often, so we may as well keep it there, I think

> <img alt="GPL 2.0 License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jellyfin/jellyfin-apiclient-javascript.svg"/>

Reviewer: It's definitely an MIT license.

</a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/jellyfin">
<img alt="Donate" src="https://img.shields.io/opencollective/all/jellyfin.svg?label=backers"/>
</a>
<a href="https://features.jellyfin.org">
<img alt="Feature Requests" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/fider-vote%20on%20features-success.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://forum.jellyfin.org">
<img alt="Discuss on our Forum" src="https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/forum.jellyfin.org/users.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://matrix.to/#/+jellyfin:matrix.org">
<img alt="Chat on Matrix" src="https://img.shields.io/matrix/jellyfin:matrix.org.svg?logo=matrix"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/jellyfin">
<img alt="Join our Subreddit" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/reddit-r%2Fjellyfin-%23FF5700.svg"/>
</a>
</p>

> Jellyfin API client for JavaScript is a library meant to help clients written in JavaScript or TypeScript to interact with Jellyfin's REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is meant to help clients written in JavaScript or TypeScript interact with Jellyfin's REST API.
```

## Compatibility

This library depends on the Fetch and Promise APIs. These will be expected to be polyfilled if used in a browser that doesn't support them.

## Build Process

### Dependencies

- Yarn

### Getting Started

1. Clone or download this repository.

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-apiclient-javascript.git
   cd jellyfin-apiclient-javascript
   ```

 2. Install build dependencies in the project directory.

    ```sh
    yarn install
    ```

> 3. Build the library for production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build the library for production.
```

    ```sh
    yarn build
    ```

> 4. Build the library for development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Build the library for development.
```
